config: document new `core.autostage` setting (#1779)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/config.md

  notify the user when a new version is available. Accepts values `true`
  (default) and `false`.

- `core.autostage` - if enabled, DVC will automatically stage (`git add`)
  [DVC Metafiles](/doc/user-guide/dvc-files-and-directories) created or modified

>   by [DVC commands](/doc/command-reference). The files will not be commited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  by DVC commands (`dvc add`, `dvc run`, etc.) The files will not be committed.
```

>   Accepts values `true` and `false` (default).

Reviewer: How about

``if enabled, DVC will automatically stage (`git add`) `.dvc` files(1) created or modified by DVC commands(2). The files will not be committed. Accepts values `true` and `false` (default).``

2 questions though:
1. Does this only affect `.dvc` files? (Should probably work for all metafiles including dvc.yaml and .lock) — see https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/4330#issuecomment-693603525
2. Which DVC commands dispay this behavior? Just `dvc add`? `dvc commit`? Etc. A full list would be useful.

Thanks

Author: Sure. That's simpler lol

1. This includes all modified files.
2. Any command that changes tracked files should do this?

It replaces the code in the hook to remind you to track files so any command that would make that output would stage the files for commit instead when this is enabled.

Reviewer: Thanks.

1. OK great, let's use ``[DVC metafiles](/doc/user-guide/dvc-files-and-directories)` then, please.
2. it would be great to try it and double check which ones, and add a list with some of them, the more obvious ones a t least, like `add`, `run`, `import`, maybe `commit`.

Reviewer: I still wonder what the exact full list of commands that use that hook is.
